c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\phdtreinamentos.dll.config
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\phdtreinamentos.dll
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\phdtreinamentos.pdb
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\obj\Debug\phdtreinamentos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\obj\Debug\phdtreinamentos.dll
c:\users\gritzkodaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\obj\Debug\phdtreinamentos.pdb
C:\Users\GritzkoDaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\GritzkoDaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\GritzkoDaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\GritzkoDaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\GritzkoDaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\GritzkoDaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\GritzkoDaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\GritzkoDaniel\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\phdtreinamentos\phdtreinamentos\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
